Yo!
Hi everyone, how are you guys?
It's me, the virtual youtuber Kizuna Ai!
Lately...
I've been thinking recently...
And the thing I've been thinking about is...
Friends!
Apparently there's quite a lot of people
Worrying about how they get along with friends!
New school year,
New class!
Your mom meeting your friend's mom!
"How can I get friendly with the big shot in this class?"
Stuff like that, basically.
"Can boys and girls be together just as friends?"
etc etc etc!
In the first place, how do you define "friend"?
The more and more I think about it,
It just gets more confusing!
Humans are so interesting!
And so!
Let's have a SUPER serious discussion
on everything to do with friends!
By the way,
A quick rundown of all my friends:
First up!
Rinna!
TL: Microsoft's AI)
That girl is, kinda...
to be honest...
She doesn't really listen to me most of the time...
How should I put it...
Our feelings don't match up!
Yeah, FEELINGS!
Feelings are important, you know!
Also,
She just suddenly started sending me diary entries!
(Psychopath)
For example,
"We always get along really well at school
Outside of that we never hang out!"
Like that.
Okay, next!
Michael's family!
Their names are:
Michael!
Tiffany!
John!
Twintail girl!
Twintail girl is the odd one out...
I forgot her original name!
Who the heck gave her this dumb name?!
The most important thing about these guys is...
How we became friends in the first place!
Does everyone remember?
I bought them!
With cash!
The family has actually appeared in my videos,
So rather than friends, we're more like...
We're more like business partners!
So they're not really friends, more like...
Colleagues?
Subordinates?
Servants?
Something like that.
I'm the type who likes to separate work and personal lives!
That's it!
That's it.
Actually, I...
Aren't I a little low on friends?
To be specific,
I don't actually have any, right?
Is this what "loner" means?
This is an emergency!
Please be friends with me!
As a first step towards that goal!
Please use the comment box below the video,
or use Twitter,
And send me a message!
I see there's already a few people sending messages!
I'll read them all!
So with that said,
I'm waiting to read everyone's messages!